No, you can’t say this to tens of thousands of people.
At the end, the prince is here, how can I think it’s a joke?
I discussed it with Yue Chang.
So what about Shuai Ying? No one can compare with my wife and children.
In fact, who can find my wife?
I have become the main one in managing my family.
Shuai Ying is to vote for the people.
Very good, no,
Then, how should I trust you?
Yes, it's not these little things.
Your Majesty, what do you want to do?
No, you also know that our sister Huang is still working on,
Even with breastless support,
We, Sister Huang, must have it too.
It is inevitable that actions will become popular when the time comes
We are the princes of the Ching Kingdom
How can you live indiscriminately?
What method does the prince have?
I have a way to make trouble
Since there is no breast, there is no way to semen
My wish is to pass through your majesty
Instead of using the topic to play
Your Majesty is in a state of despair
forced to abdicate
If anyone can find their wish
when supporting
This is indeed a good idea
It seems like if I were forced to find him?
That's God's will
Explain my throne
What do we think about the prince? Agree, agree, take the test.
Just take care of yourself and be the prince’s salt
In fact, I will force the palace to retreat from now on.
Hope to borrow time
Can you find someone to betray me?
As expected, one of you was injured, young man
The conditions proposed by Zhou Luo this week
Xu often behaves like a whole news
But Zhou Luo and carelessness are general
So who of you is in charge of the master of China?
Someone sent a letter